Feat/MKR debt ceiling (#19)
marczeller/aave-proposals: src/20230908_AaveV3_Eth_MKRDebtCeiling/MKRDebtCeiling.md

---

> title: "MKRDebtCeiling"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Aave V3 Ethereum MKR Debt Ceiling Update"
```

author: "Alice Rozengarden (@Rozengarden - Aave-chan initiative)"
discussions: "https://governance.aave.com/t/arfc-borrowing-cap-expansion-request-mkr/14763"
---

## Simple Summary

This is a proposal to expand the current cap of borrowing against an isolated collateral (MKR) from $2.5 million to $6.0 million.
This proposal is compatible with Direct-to-AIP.

## Motivation

> The Aave user @Leritu wishes to borrow more asset with his $6.4 million in MKR but the Debt Ceiling has been reached. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organic demand to use the MKR asset has reached the currently set ceiling.
To accommodate this demand and in alignment with Risk service providers teams recommendation, this AIP proposes to expand the MKR debt ceiling from 2.5M$ to 6M$ ```
